hello everyone I'm Urbana and I'm very
happy to be turning another video today
I'm gonna show you a 5 minute workout
routine that you can do at home no
equipment necessary just you your body
and it's honestly the best exercise this
routine you can do it one two three or
four times however you want it also
depends on the level that you're at and
we are on day 8 of the hashtag
romanovitch challenge thank you all for
your videos for your comments for your
photos for everything you want to join
the challenge you can do so by
subscribing to my website ravonna calm
and I'll leave all of the information in
the description of this video ok so now
let's get on with the routine this is
gonna be an all body routine I'm gonna
put my stopwatch so that we can start
together alright let's do this we start
with squats
oh yes plots my favorite I love squats
because they work your whole body they
work your legs lose oh my gosh you guys
seriously if you guys start doing squats
for girls you're gonna see how your butt
is just going to get super nice and
round and it even works your abs so you
want to make sure that your knee is not
over passing your toe so you really want
to stick your butt out but also you want
to maintain your back very straight
alright just 20 more seconds we can do
this we got it really I challenge you to
do 100 squat today it's honestly the
best workout ever
alright just three more seconds three
two one alright so now we're gonna do
lunges lunges
- one on each leg okay I love lunches
because they work your whole leg they
work your glutes - but they're different
than squats because they're gonna work
different part of you button okay so
we're gonna do this for one minute a lot
of you have asked me on instagram and
here what my workout routine is I love
doing these circuits so I'll do this
routine like three or four times and
then mix it up with like like running
like I'll run for like a mile or
something or walking so I recommend that
you do these kinds of routines like two
to three times to do okay a week sorry
we're almost done
we can do this yay okay now on to our
upper body alright so now we're gonna do
push-ups what who doesn't like push-ups
if you are a beginner you can do them on
your knees however you prefer but I'm a
little bit more advanced so I'm gonna do
toes
remember to keep your back straight keep
your butt down upper body is like the
hardest for me because I love doing
lower body I think for a woman it's just
it easier but you're gonna you're gonna
get those toned nice
all right just whoa
remember to breathe deeply alright next
Superman
whoa so all you're gonna do is you're
just gonna raise your legs in your arms
you're gonna look down yeah so just hold
it here just hold it here
really tighten your butt tighten your
butt so that you're really working that
area okay
lift your arms very high as high as you
can as high as you possibly can keep
your head down and yeah
this is an easy one we're almost done
guys we're almost there
just 20 more seconds we got it we can do
this we're doing this together it's
almost like so fun to do it together
this is way better and shoot some air
workouts like this like I just make
videos obviously it's like one of my oh
my god I just love it it makes me so
happy you start to love it okay final
one ah you're gonna put your feet
together put your knees up and
Oh whoo straight Oh
if you want to push it up you can grab
some books and use them as weight - I
can show you guys a routine that you can
do with just like using books yeah so
you don't need any equipment you can do
it at home we're almost done guys just
15 more seconds 15 seconds they love it
you're gonna feel so good up to this
every good mind let me do it at least I
challenge but all right we're done thank
you guys for watching this video I hope
you liked it let me know in the comments
below what your thoughts are like if you
liked it subscribe if you haven't
subscribe to my channel
and I just want to send you all a very
hug a very fruity type hug but you guys
for watching this video and I'll see you
tomorrow for day 9 of the hashtag
romanovitch challenge bye
you